---
title: WHAT! MORE Mind-boggling Code?!
layout: post
author: oliver.perrin
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1KmBcwOuENaduSya50fedQ_MaGp83OCzve25CSnDiQvU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>WHAT! MORE Mind-boggling Code?!</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>One week of understanding the coding of Google Sheets with how it relates to other coding programs.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Expand my knowledge of coding in Google Sheets and any other corresponding coding programs.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I tested around with my previous tasks, expanding and adding new examples to test, expand my knowledge along with my confidence within this subject.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>As I advanced into varying degrees of difficulty in the task, expanding or testing the codes I found I would test every theory to only be thrown back in my face and stomped into the ground.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I questioned whether I was the only one in this class who just got so frustrated with this task, with talking to my peers I found I was in the same situation as them, even finding the ones who live and breath code haven't the answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Funny enough, in this lesson I wasn’t that independent, though in my defense we were encouraged to. With my peers, we would bounce theories off each other, testing or discussing the theories and finding why our obviously amazing theories weren’t working.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Remembering my previous reflection on writing my blogs on previous lessons, I thought about how I could improve during my lesson and thinking about how I can make my learning as without errors as possible.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>With a short presentation on what the task is, with explanations on where we should be and confirmation that the class understands; I didn’t have much of an opportunity to engage. However I engaged  quite a bit with my peers, communicating on what the potential solutions could be.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In true honesty, I should have talked about not having complete 100% confidence, with a 2000% understanding, in that way I could have made more progress in the task and then possibly have consequently contribute to my peers with giving advice. I believe this problem in my learning from this lesson was due to my stubborn side, wanting to be able to accomplish anything with complete independence from a teacher, working with others who are in my situation and complete the task with a group found outcome. Also I felt that my perseverance in my learning during that lesson could and needs to be improved </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, to improve my learning I would need to get over being really over-stretched and stubborn however rather be really challenged and to then consequently test out theories until I have reached my peak ; then I feel I should ask for assistance or help especially from the peers around me who have found the solution. With this I believe I could make more progress, have more understanding and confidence in my coding without slightly blindingly coding. This would make my learning more of an experience that would stay with me for longer time, not just four a week, this would improve my learning by a great amount.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


