---
title: Confusing My Tiny Brain with Big Coding
layout: post
author: oliver.perrin
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 1tJl0IyJ8mZte7FfUlujmZ-UlLe87oHtwJFwZI7c1JqM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 2 Google Sheets Coding</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Have had completed a fully functioning, confident website for my blogs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Expand my knowledge of the subject of Computer-Science</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>In this lesson, I was able to learn about the coding system of an important application along with how that relates to a coding program such as Python</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>This week I was faced with the obstacle of learning about a whole new coding system, how it works and how to kind of use that to effect.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>In this lesson, I really didn't question to a huge extent whatsoever, almost to a point of not questioning. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>During this second lesson, I was independent in thinking for myself, not peering over to someone near me or asking for advice. However I completed an obstacle and gained a lot of confidence and got the hang of the subject of this lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Upon reflection, I completed the tasks quickly efficiently with little to no mistakes. Due to quickly finishing the task/s I was able to experiment and branch into testing the recently learned techniques along with the coding "vocab" to go along with that.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I feel I did not engage, this was for multiple reasons, one being that I felt that I really understood the task, coding and the techniques.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In my learning, in my opinion I believe that my learning in lesson 2 couldn’t have gone better. Look, I’m not just going to say this without giving reasoning why my learning was so great, who do you take me for,huh? Anyway, in this lesson, I had zoomed over to my computer fast enough that the so called “ Usain Bolt” better watch it, so yeah I was so fast to start working. Then I almost instantaneously understood the coding material, generating confidence within me like never before, I had powered through all the work and understood everything with knowledge, knowledge that what I was doing was right.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, to improve my learning in Computer-Science I need to engage more. In engaging I need to ask what is the next step after this, ask questions about the implications of the coding or ask about a theory to do with the coding to expand my knowledge. By doing this, I would be giving myself opportunities to attempt to be one of the most confident in the class possibly. Also,I need to experiment further with code to see the limitations, how the code can relate to even more coding languages or coding vocab, with this it would expand my Computer-Science mindset and or knowledge.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


