---
title: OH The Joy of Github..
layout: post
author: oliver.perrin
permalink: /blog-1/
source-id: 1-87ttOn7S3TrrBsK7q9U588HyGk4LWSY4GWSP6wCEdk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>OH The Joy of Github..</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have Computer-Science knowledge of 2 years</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make a start on Github, my blogs and my website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>In reflection I believe I did, I left the lesson with a new forked github repository and a new mindset for my website.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>This week, I persevered through the wifi problems of my computer right at the start of the lesson, of course at my first lesson back and there is a problem. Despite the problem which put a stop on my work, I did do a mixture of waiting and finding a solution to the problem.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>Once I found I couldn't sign into my google account - which without it I was unable to accomplish much- I questioned whether it was my basic human error or a digital computing problem. However initially I believed it was my human error, with time I found out it was the fault of the school wifi and the computer not connecting.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Trying not to create any first impressions of me being a useless 'do it all for me Mr Keen’, I of course did not throw up my hand, I was independent and stubborn, finding what or wasn't the problem.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>On reflection, I handled the lesson well as i had quickly caught up on the work I was unable to complete before Mr Keen had given a ‘show and tell’ of horrible websites.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>During this lesson I did not engage a huge amount, this is most likely a overstatement, though in fairness there were very few moments to engage.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In my learning of the week’s lesson, I believe on reflection I should have spent less time figuring out what theme of colour combinations my blog website should have, with going through a mere number of 50 or so themes I found one. By this moment in lesson there was not long left with the initial complete wipe of my previous repository, along with Mr keen’s show and tell with the cherry on top of the cake that I couldn't access my computer due to the absurd, uncontrollable wifi problems so after finding the perfect theme, I went through  the resources on the school website, almost mentally planning and almost researching for my homework, being the task of writing a blog and finishing the github blog website.  </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I believe I should focus on the more important area, the area which I could most likely have questions or problems with which could be sorted out in the lesson, not at home where I don't have peers or a highly qualified resource in the same room. If I found myself in the same or similar situations, I would most likely carry it out in a fairly better manner by completing harder situations that could have problems with. I feel this can easily be done, something that only on reflection and through writing this blog I have found out. However without these improvements, I believe I handled the lesson well, I came out of IT2 with knowledge and a fair good amount of confidence of what and how I need to get my github website done. 

</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


